hey I'm glad you came this isn't the
main LP this is after hours the bonus
section it's here we'll be taking a look
at the ins and outs of some of my
favorite and least favorite parts of the
game let's begin by taking a look at the
many deaths of lower bone now this is
going to be an ongoing section because
there are myriad ways to kill yourself
in this game considering it rewards and
even encourages snooping around an
exploration poking your nose in the
wrong place is going to get your kids
for every death will rank them from one
to five based on fairness how easy it is
to die and atmosphere which is what the
death ads if it shows off some new part
of the environment so this is the first
room it is in fact possible to die any
very first room in a game are guided
you're able to open this shoot over here
and it sort of seems like it's giving
you this clue that you wonder where that
shoot goes well this is one time when
it's not good to engage doors
inquisitive nature because she falls to
her death now because this is a black
shoot to nowhere and there's really no
reason for you to be closin in there I'm
going to go ahead and say that's a very
fair damn we're more or less ER in vista
one grant it is four or five however it
doesn't really have anything with the
atmosphere it's just sort of a useless
trap so we'll give that to this is much
more annoying there's this railing at
the top of the stair than it used so
much as brush up against it it cracks
and you fall I'm giving that a one in
fairness because of the clunky controls
and because it doesn't even seem like
you have to press up against it
sometimes it just seems like it reaches
afterwards however the mansion is
reference is falling apart this supports
that giving it a 3.5 offense one of the
other things you can do although there's
no real reason you're told to is to take
a shower Lillian mention feeling a
little dingy and dirty after the Bayou
ride so excuse the cartoon
so maybe you figure it's good for you to
go ahead and take a shower too well here
we get sort of our first glimpse of
killer they on the background and little
shout out to psycho by alfred
hitchcock's fitting the famous shower
scene where a woman is stabbed to death
while showering but man you better have
seen that movie or this isn't going to
make any sense to you at all fairness is
a three because there's no reason for
you to take a shower atmosphere gets a
one however as you'll see at the end of
this thing once you find out who the
murderer is this def makes no sense well
let's go ahead and meet our our heroine
the star of the show she is a
twenty-year-old journalism major at
Tulane University father was john bowe a
noted detective Laura beau is based
fairly obviously off Clara Bow one of
the prominent film stars of the 1920s
and also one of its major sex symbols in
addition to the fairly obviously copied
name the Clara Bow also was famous for
her red hair as you can see that laura
has that as well that was sort of one of
her trade marks which I don't quite get
because as you can see the movies at
that time were black and white but
regardless I guess people were somehow
able to pick out for ginger pneus and
that was that was one of her dreadlocks
now the character of Clara Bow is more
or less split between Lillian and Laura
and as you can see in the game laura is
more old-fashioned conservative where
Lillian is more of a flapper and Clara
Bow was absolutely a flammer she was
probably the epitome of collaborative in
the 1920s she started a number of major
hit movies one of them being the one
you're seeing here called the it girl Oh
google called she's got it and she was
known as the it girl
she was famous for having sort of a
wildlife there were all sorts
allegations about her personal behavior
mental state and sex life and in that
she probably fell was Lillian more
closely but in appearance she's more of
Laura bow well thanks everybody see you
next time